***************
Author:	Amjad Almahairi
Email:	amjadmahayri@gmail.com
Publication List:
1) Dynamic Capacity Networks.
Authors:Amjad Almahairi,Nicolas Ballas,Tim Cooijmans,Yin Zheng,Hugo Larochelle,Aaron C. Courville
2) Theano: A Python framework for fast computation of mathematical expressions.
Authors:Rami Al-Rfou',Guillaume Alain,Amjad Almahairi,et al.
3) First Result on Arabic Neural Machine Translation.
Authors:Amjad Almahairi,Kyunghyun Cho,Nizar Habash,Aaron C. Courville
4) Learning Distributed Representations from Reviews for Collaborative Filtering.
Authors:Amjad Almahairi,Kyle Kastner,Kyunghyun Cho,Aaron C. Courville
5) Dynamic Capacity Networks.
Authors:Amjad Almahairi,Nicolas Ballas,Tim Cooijmans,Yin Zheng,Hugo Larochelle,Aaron C. Courville
***************
Author:	Ludovic Arnold
Email:	perso@ludovicarnold.com
Publication List:
1) Layer-wise learning of deep generative models
Authors:Ludovic Arnold,Yann Ollivier
***************
Author:	Lei Jimmy Ba
Email:	jimmy@psi.toronto.edu
Publication List:
***************
Author:	Justin Bayer
Email:	bayer.justin@googlemail.com
Publication List:
1) ML-based tactile sensor calibration: A universal approach.
Authors:Maximilian Karl,Artur Lohrer,Dhananjay Shah,Frederik Diehl,Max Fiedler,Saahil Ognawala,Justin Bayer,Patrick van der Smagt
2) Unsupervised preprocessing for Tactile Data.
Authors:Maximilian Karl,Justin Bayer,Patrick van der Smagt
3) Learning Sequence Representations.
Authors:Justin Bayer
4) Efficient movement representation by embedding Dynamic Movement Primitives in deep autoencoders.
Authors:Nutan Chen,Justin Bayer,Sebastian Urban,Patrick van der Smagt
5) Measuring fingertip forces from camera images for random finger poses.
Authors:Nutan Chen,Sebastian Urban,Justin Bayer,Patrick van der Smagt
6) Fast Adaptive Weight Noise.
Authors:Justin Bayer,Maximilian Karl,Daniela Korhammer,Patrick van der Smagt
7) Efficient Empowerment.
Authors:Maximilian Karl,Justin Bayer,Patrick van der Smagt
8) Estimating finger grip force from an image of the hand using Convolutional Neural Networks and Gaussian processes.
Authors:Nutan Chen,Sebastian Urban,Christian Osendorfer,Justin Bayer,Patrick van der Smagt
9) Variational inference of latent state sequences using Recurrent Networks.
Authors:Justin Bayer,Christian Osendorfer
10) Regularizing Recurrent Networks - On Injected Noise and Norm-based Methods.
Authors:Saahil Ognawala,Justin Bayer
11) Learning Stochastic Recurrent Networks.
Authors:Justin Bayer,Christian Osendorfer
12) Training Neural Networks with Implicit Variance.
Authors:Justin Bayer,Christian Osendorfer,Sebastian Urban,P. Patrick van der Smagt
13) Convolutional Neural Networks Learn Compact Local Image Descriptors.
Authors:Christian Osendorfer,Justin Bayer,Sebastian Urban,Patrick van der Smagt
14) Unsupervised Feature Learning for low-level Local Image Descriptors
Authors:Christian Osendorfer,Justin Bayer,P. Patrick van der Smagt
15) Convolutional Neural Networks learn compact local image descriptors
Authors:Christian Osendorfer,Justin Bayer,P. Patrick van der Smagt
16) On Fast Dropout and its Applicability to Recurrent Networks.
Authors:Justin Bayer,Christian Osendorfer,Nutan Chen,Sebastian Urban,Patrick van der Smagt
17) Learning Sequence Neighbourhood Metrics.
Authors:Justin Bayer,Christian Osendorfer,P. Patrick van der Smagt
18) Learning Sequence Neighbourhood Metrics
Authors:Justin Bayer,Christian Osendorfer,P. Patrick van der Smagt
***************
Author:	Jorg Bornschein
Email:	bornj@iro.umontreal.ca
Publication List:
***************
Author:	Alex Bronstein
Email:	bron@cs.technion.ac.il
Publication List:
1) Sparse null space basis pursuit and analysis dictionary learning for high-dimensional data analysis.
Authors:Xiao Bian,Hamid Krim,Alex Bronstein,Liyi Dai
2) Fast Keyword Searching Using 'BoostMap' Based Embedding.
Authors:Raid Saabni,Alex Bronstein
3) Fast Key-Word Searching via Embedding and Active-DTW.
Authors:Raid Saabni,Alex Bronstein
***************
Author:	William Chan
Email:	williamchan@cmu.edu
Publication List:
1) Listen, attend and spell: A neural network for large vocabulary conversational speech recognition.
Authors:William Chan,Navdeep Jaitly,Quoc V. Le,Oriol Vinyals
2) PubMed-supported clinical term weighting approach for improving inter-patient similarity measure in diagnosis prediction.
Authors:Lawrence Wing-Chi Chan,Ying Liu 0004,Tao Chan,Helen K. W. Law,S. C. Wong,Andy Yeung,K. F. Lo,S. W. Yeung,K. Y. Kwok,William Chan,Thomas Lau,Chi-Ren Shyu
3) Deep convolutional neural networks for acoustic modeling in low resource languages.
Authors:William Chan,Ian Lane
4) Transferring knowledge from a RNN to a DNN.
Authors:William Chan,Nan Rosemary Ke,Ian Lane
5) Deep Recurrent Neural Networks for Acoustic Modelling.
Authors:William Chan,Ian Lane
6) Transferring Knowledge from a RNN to a DNN.
Authors:William Chan,Nan Rosemary Ke,Ian Lane
7) Listen, Attend and Spell.
Authors:William Chan,Navdeep Jaitly,Quoc V. Le,Oriol Vinyals
8) Distributed asynchronous optimization of convolutional neural networks.
Authors:William Chan,Ian Lane
9) Spike timing dependent plasticity with memristive synapse in neuromorphic systems.
Authors:William Chan,Jason D. Lohn
10) Leveraging Subjective Human Annotation for Clustering Historic Newspaper Articles
Authors:Haimonti Dutta,William Chan,Deepak Shankargouda,Manoj Pooleery,Axinia Radeva,Kyle Rego,Boyi Xie,Rebecca J. Passonneau,Austin Lee,Barbara Taranto
11) Improving Traffic Locality in BitTorrent via Biased Neighbor Selection.
Authors:Ruchir Bindal,Pei Cao,William Chan,Jan Medved,George Suwala,Tony Bates,Amy Zhang
12) Optimizing Symbolic Model Checking for Statecharts.
Authors:William Chan,Richard J. Anderson,Paul Beame,David H. Jones,David Notkin,William E. Warner
13) Temporal-Locig Queries.
Authors:William Chan
14) Parallel Unsteady Turbo-Pump Simulations For Liquid Rocket Engines.
Authors:Cetin C. Kiris,Dochan Kwak,William Chan
15) Experiences with the Application of Symbolic Model Checking to the Analysis of Software Specifications.
Authors:Richard J. Anderson,Paul Beame,William Chan,David Notkin
16) Decoupling Synchronization from Local Control for Efficient Symbolic Model Checking of Statecharts.
Authors:William Chan,Richard J. Anderson,Paul Beame,David H. Jones,David Notkin,William E. Warner
17) Model Checking Large Software Specifications.
Authors:William Chan,Richard J. Anderson,Paul Beame,Steve Burns,Francesmary Modugno,David Notkin,Jon Damon Reese
18) Improving Efficiency of Symbolic Model Checking for State-Based System Requirements.
Authors:William Chan,Richard J. Anderson,Paul Beame,David Notkin
19) Combining Constraint Solving and Symbolic Model Checking for a Class of a Systems with Non-linear Constraints.
Authors:William Chan,Richard J. Anderson,Paul Beame,David Notkin
20) Model Checking Large Software Specifications.
Authors:Richard J. Anderson,Paul Beame,Steve Burns,William Chan,Francesmary Modugno,David Notkin,Jon Damon Reese
***************
Author:	Nicolas Chapados
Email:	nicolas.chapados@gmail.com
Publication List:
1) HeMIS: Hetero-Modal Image Segmentation.
Authors:Mohammad Havaei,Nicolas Guizard,Nicolas Chapados,Yoshua Bengio
2) Retail store scheduling for profit.
Authors:Nicolas Chapados,Marc Joliveau,Pierre L'Ecuyer,Louis-Martin Rousseau
3) Effective Bayesian Modeling of Groups of Related Count Time Series.
Authors:Nicolas Chapados
4) Portfolio Choice Problems - An Introductory Survey of Single and Multiperiod Models
Authors:Nicolas Chapados
5) Retail Store Workforce Scheduling by Expected Operating Income Maximization.
Authors:Nicolas Chapados,Marc Joliveau,Louis-Martin Rousseau
6) Noisy K Best-Paths for Approximate Dynamic Programming with Application to Portfolio Optimization.
Authors:Nicolas Chapados,Yoshua Bengio
7) Augmented Functional Time Series Representation and Forecasting with Gaussian Processes.
Authors:Nicolas Chapados,Yoshua Bengio
8) The 
Authors:Nicolas Chapados,Yoshua Bengio
9) Extensions to Metric-Based Model Selection.
Authors:Yoshua Bengio,Nicolas Chapados
10) Cost functions and model combination for VaR-based asset allocation using neural networks.
Authors:Nicolas Chapados,Yoshua Bengio
11) Estimating Car Insurance Premia: a Case Study in High-Dimensional Data Inference.
Authors:Nicolas Chapados,Yoshua Bengio,Pascal Vincent,Joumana Ghosn,Charles Dugas,Ichiro Takeuchi,Linyan Meng
***************
Author:	Minmin Chen
Email:	chenmm24@gmail.com
Publication List:
1) Marginalized Denoising for Link Prediction and Multi-Label Learning.
Authors:Zheng Chen,Minmin Chen,Kilian Q. Weinberger,Weixiong Zhang
2) Classifier cascades and trees for minimizing feature evaluation cost.
Authors:Zhixiang Eddie Xu,Matt J. Kusner,Kilian Q. Weinberger,Minmin Chen,Olivier Chapelle
3) Marginalized Denoising Auto-encoders for Nonlinear Representations.
Authors:Minmin Chen,Kilian Q. Weinberger,Fei Sha,Yoshua Bengio
4) Marginalizing Corrupted Features.
Authors:Laurens van der Maaten,Minmin Chen,Stephen Tyree,Kilian Q. Weinberger
5) Cost-Sensitive Tree of Classifiers.
Authors:Zhixiang Eddie Xu,Matt J. Kusner,Kilian Q. Weinberger,Minmin Chen
6) Learning with Marginalized Corrupted Features.
Authors:Laurens van der Maaten,Minmin Chen,Stephen Tyree,Kilian Q. Weinberger
7) Fast Image Tagging.
Authors:Minmin Chen,Alice X. Zheng,Kilian Q. Weinberger
8) An alternative text representation to TF-IDF and Bag-of-Words
Authors:Zhixiang Eddie Xu,Minmin Chen,Kilian Q. Weinberger,Fei Sha
9) From sBoW to dCoT marginalized encoders for text representation.
Authors:Zhixiang Eddie Xu,Minmin Chen,Kilian Q. Weinberger,Fei Sha
10) Marginalized Denoising Autoencoders for Domain Adaptation.
Authors:Minmin Chen,Zhixiang Eddie Xu,Kilian Q. Weinberger,Fei Sha
11) Classifier Cascade for Minimizing Feature Evaluation Cost.
Authors:Minmin Chen,Zhixiang Eddie Xu,Kilian Q. Weinberger,Olivier Chapelle,Dor Kedem
12) Marginalized Denoising Autoencoders for Domain Adaptation
Authors:Minmin Chen,Zhixiang Eddie Xu,Kilian Q. Weinberger,Fei Sha
13) Cost-Sensitive Tree of Classifiers
Authors:Zhixiang Eddie Xu,Matt J. Kusner,Kilian Q. Weinberger,Minmin Chen
14) Early Deterioration Warning for Hospitalized Patients by Mining Clinical Data.
Authors:Yi Mao,Yixin Chen,Gregory Hackmann,Minmin Chen,Chenyang Lu,Marin Kollef,Thomas C. Bailey
15) Improving context-aware query classification via adaptive self-training.
Authors:Minmin Chen,Jian-Tao Sun,Xiaochuan Ni,Yixin Chen
16) Medical Data Mining for Early Deterioration Warning in General Hospital Wards.
Authors:Yi Mao,Yixin Chen,Gregory Hackmann,Minmin Chen,Chenyang Lu,Marin Kollef,Thomas C. Bailey
17) Automatic Feature Decomposition for Single View Co-training.
Authors:Minmin Chen,Kilian Q. Weinberger,Yixin Chen
18) Co-Training for Domain Adaptation.
Authors:Minmin Chen,Kilian Q. Weinberger,John Blitzer
19) Extended duality for nonlinear programming.
Authors:Yixin Chen,Minmin Chen
20) Gradient-Based Feature Selection for Conditional Random Fields and its Applications in Computational Genetics.
Authors:Minmin Chen,Yixin Chen,Michael R. Brent,Aaron E. Tenney
21) Constrained optimization for validation-guided conditional random field learning.
Authors:Minmin Chen,Yixin Chen,Michael R. Brent,Aaron E. Tenney
22) CRF-OPT: An Efficient High-Quality Conditional Random Field Solver.
Authors:Minmin Chen,Yixin Chen,Michael R. Brent
***************
Author:	Danqi Chen
Email:	danqi@cs.stanford.edu
Publication List:
1) A Thorough Examination of the CNN/Daily Mail Reading Comprehension Task.
Authors:Danqi Chen,Jason Bolton,Christopher D. Manning
2) SecHDFS: A Secure Data Allocation Scheme for Heterogenous Hadoop Systems.
Authors:Bowen Tian,Yun Tian,Brandon Huebert,Yijie Sun,Trevor Hurt,Waymon Ho,Yuting Zhang,Danqi Chen,HwaSung Lee
3) Proceedings of the 5th Workshop on Automated Knowledge Base Construction, AKBC@NAACL-HLT 2016, San Diego, CA, USA, June 17, 2016
Authors:
4) A Thorough Examination of the CNN/Daily Mail Reading Comprehension Task.
Authors:Danqi Chen,Jason Bolton,Christopher D. Manning
5) Representing Text for Joint Embedding of Text and Knowledge Bases.
Authors:Kristina Toutanova,Danqi Chen,Patrick Pantel,Hoifung Poon,Pallavi Choudhury,Michael Gamon
6) An Energy-Efficient Collaborative Ground Vibration Measurement Scheme Based on Compressed Sensing and Belief Propagation.
Authors:Danqi Chen,Jilin Feng,Qiang Liu,Fangping Gao,Yanxia Zhang,Xiaoying Wang
7) A Real-Time and Efficient MAC Protocol for Smart Grid Wireless Communications.
Authors:Qiang Liu,Danqi Chen,Fangping Gao,Guoli Pang
8) An Improvement Crypton Protocol with Higher Security Margin.
Authors:Xiaoying Wang,Danqi Chen,Qingjie Liu,Ling Bai
9) A Fast and Accurate Dependency Parser using Neural Networks.
Authors:Danqi Chen,Christopher D. Manning
10) Reasoning With Neural Tensor Networks for Knowledge Base Completion.
Authors:Richard Socher,Danqi Chen,Christopher D. Manning,Andrew Y. Ng
11) Learning New Facts From Knowledge Bases With Neural Tensor Networks and Semantic Word Vectors
Authors:Danqi Chen,Richard Socher,Christopher D. Manning,Andrew Y. Ng
12) Beyond ten blue links: enabling user click modeling in federated web search.
Authors:Danqi Chen,Weizhu Chen,Haixun Wang,Zheng Chen,Qiang Yang 0001
13) Characterizing Inverse Time Dependency in Multi-class Learning.
Authors:Danqi Chen,Weizhu Chen,Qiang Yang 0001
14) Audio-Visual Emotion Recognition Based on a DBN Model with Constrained Asynchrony.
Authors:Danqi Chen,Dongmei Jiang,Ilse Ravyse,Hichem Sahli
***************
Author:	Olivier Delalleau
Email:	olivier.delalleau@ubisoft.com
Publication List:
1) Stacked calibration of off-policy policy evaluation for video game matchmaking.
Authors:Eric Thibodeau-Laufer,Raul Chandias Ferrari,Li Yao,Olivier Delalleau,Yoshua Bengio
2) Beyond Skill Rating: Advanced Matchmaking in Ghost Recon Online.
Authors:Olivier Delalleau,Emile Contal,Eric Thibodeau-Laufer,Raul Chandias Ferrari,Yoshua Bengio,Frank Zhang
3) Efficient EM Training of Gaussian Mixtures with Missing Data
Authors:Olivier Delalleau,Aaron C. Courville,Yoshua Bengio
4) On the Expressive Power of Deep Architectures.
Authors:Yoshua Bengio,Olivier Delalleau
5) On the Expressive Power of Deep Architectures.
Authors:Yoshua Bengio,Olivier Delalleau
6) Shallow vs. Deep Sum-Product Networks.
Authors:Olivier Delalleau,Yoshua Bengio
7) Decision trees do not generalize to new variations.
Authors:Yoshua Bengio,Olivier Delalleau,Clarence Simard
8) Tempered Markov Chain Monte Carlo for training of Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
Authors:Guillaume Desjardins,Aaron C. Courville,Yoshua Bengio,Pascal Vincent,Olivier Delalleau
9) Justifying and Generalizing Contrastive Divergence.
Authors:Yoshua Bengio,Olivier Delalleau
10) Efficient Non-Parametric Function Induction in Semi-Supervised Learning.
Authors:Olivier Delalleau,Yoshua Bengio,Nicolas Le Roux
11) The Curse of Highly Variable Functions for Local Kernel Machines.
Authors:Yoshua Bengio,Olivier Delalleau,Nicolas Le Roux
12) Convex Neural Networks.
Authors:Yoshua Bengio,Nicolas Le Roux,Pascal Vincent,Olivier Delalleau,Patrice Marcotte
13) Locally Linear Embedding for dimensionality reduction in QSAR.
Authors:Pierre-Jean L'Heureux,Julie Carreau,Yoshua Bengio,Olivier Delalleau,Shi Yi Yue
***************
Author:	Ludovic Denoyer
Email:	ludovic.denoyer@lip6.fr
Publication List:
1) Car-Traffic Forecasting: A Representation Learning Approach.
Authors:Ali Ziat,Gabriella Contardo,Nicolas Baskiotis,Ludovic Denoyer
2) WhichStreams: A Dynamic Approach for Focused Data Capture from Large Social Media.
Authors:Thibault Gisselbrecht,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari,Sylvain Lamprier
3) Graph Anonymization Using Machine Learning.
Authors:Maria Laura Maag,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
4) Learning latent representations of nodes for classifying in heterogeneous social networks.
Authors:Yann Jacob,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
5) Deep Sequential Neural Network.
Authors:Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
6) Choosing which message to publish on social networks: a contextual bandit approach.
Authors:Ricardo Lage,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari,Peter Dolog
7) Latent Factor BlockModel for Modelling Relational Data.
Authors:Sheng Gao,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari,Jun Guo
8) Sequentially Generated Instance-Dependent Image Representations for Classification.
Authors:Gabriel Dulac-Arnold,Ludovic Denoyer,Nicolas Thome,Matthieu Cord,Patrick Gallinari
9) Sequential approaches for learning datum-wise sparse representations.
Authors:Gabriel Dulac-Arnold,Ludovic Denoyer,Philippe Preux,Patrick Gallinari
10) Probabilistic Latent Tensor Factorization model for link pattern prediction.
Authors:Sheng Gao,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
11) Fast Reinforcement Learning with Large Action Sets Using Error-Correcting Output Codes for MDP Factorization.
Authors:Gabriel Dulac-Arnold,Ludovic Denoyer,Philippe Preux,Patrick Gallinari
12) Link prediction via latent factor BlockModel.
Authors:Sheng Gao,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
13) Predicting information diffusion on social networks with partial knowledge.
Authors:Anis Najar,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
14) Corpus-Based Structure Mapping of XML Document Corpora: A Reinforcement Learning Based Model.
Authors:Francis Maes,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
15) Fast Reinforcement Learning with Large Action Sets using Error-Correcting Output Codes for MDP Factorization
Authors:Gabriel Dulac-Arnold,Ludovic Denoyer,Philippe Preux,Patrick Gallinari
16) Modeling Relational Data via Latent Factor Blockmodel
Authors:Sheng Gao,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
17) Probabilistic Latent Tensor Factorization Model for Link Pattern Prediction in Multi-relational Networks
Authors:Sheng Gao,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
18) Link Pattern Prediction with tensor decomposition in multi-relational networks.
Authors:Sheng Gao,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
19) Temporal link prediction by integrating content and structure information.
Authors:Sheng Gao,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
20) Classification and annotation in social corpora using multiple relations.
Authors:Yann Jacob,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
21) Text Classification: A Sequential Reading Approach.
Authors:Gabriel Dulac-Arnold,Ludovic Denoyer,Patrick Gallinari
22) Datum-Wise Classification: A Sequential Approach to Sparsity.
Authors:Gabriel Dulac-Arnold,Ludovic Denoyer,Philippe Preux,Patrick Gallinari
